

#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1,Telemax
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,C5N
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,America TV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TN
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cine.ar
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TVP
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cronica TV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,elnueve
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Telefe
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal 8 de Mar de Plata
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,eltrece
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,A24
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Net TV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal 41 Bayres
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal GenTV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,NeoTV Digital
https://videostream.shockmedia.com.ar:19360/neotvdigital/neotvdigital.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal 26
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Encuentro
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Unife TV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Canal 5 México
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Azteca 7
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Las Estrellas
https://channel01.akamaized.net/hls/live/2022749/event01/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Paka Paka
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,BabyTV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cartoon Network
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cartoonito
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Tooncast
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Boing
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Nickelodeon
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TeenNick
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Disney Channel
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Disney Junior
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Toonizaki
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Magic Kids
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Dreamworks
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,ETC TV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,BitMe
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Adult Swim
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Telefe Internacional
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Golden Plus
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Golden Edge
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Volver
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO 2
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Plus
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Family
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Signature
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO POP
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Xtreme
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HBO Mundi
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal Premiere
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal Cinema
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal Comedy
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal Crime
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal Reality
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Movies
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,A&E
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN 6
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN 7
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,ESPN Premium
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Ciudad Magazine
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,El canal de la ciudad
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,BD Network
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Locomotion
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,AMC
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,El Gourmet
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,STAR Channel
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Paramount Network
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Universal
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Warner Channel
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,USA
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Sony Channel
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Europa Europa
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cinemax
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cine Latino
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Studio Universal
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TNT Series
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,AXN
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Home and Health
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery ID
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Clover Channel
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TC Televisión
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Comedy Central
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TNT Novelas
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Lifetime
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Cinecanal
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TNT
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TCM
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,SPACE
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Natgeo
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,History 
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,History 2
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Animal Planet
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TLC
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Quiero Musica
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,HTV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,MTV
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,MTV 00's
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,MTV Hits
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,NickMusic
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Telehit
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Radio Disney
http://playertest.longtailvideo.com/adaptive/wowzaid3/playlist.m3u8

